Kyle Wilcox

FINAL PROJECT

Description: My app provides a way for people to share workouts and follow users other users that make workouts. The goal
of this site is to facilitate training and allow for the spread and easy access to workouts. The functionality of the site is 
pretty simple, you can create a workout, like other workouts, follow other users, and have the workouts of the people you are 
following appear in your dashboard. 

Heroku Link: http://still-escarpment-1289.herokuapp.com/

-CSS: 
I was able to use bootstrap to style most of my site, but I added my own customization to allow it 
to have more of the feel that I wanted for the App. Specficly if you look into my code you will see that I change the size
of certain elements along with the color.

-JavaScript: 
Quick Note: Even with the updated gem and what we did in class sometimes the javascript does work
I did not use that much javascript in my code, the only time this occurs is when you hide and show comments within
the workouts-show. There is some hover functions and resizing handled by bootstrap

Gems:
Act as Follower(Handle following and followees) https://github.com/tcocca/acts_as_follower
Thumbs Up(Handle liking workouts) https://github.com/bouchard/thumbs_up
Devise(Account creation, validation, and authentication) https://github.com/plataformatec/devise
JQuery-Turbolinks(Used for javascript) https://github.com/kossnocorp/jquery.turbolinks

Heroku Add-On:
SendGrid
Used SendGrid to send notifications when a workout is commented on
https://sendgrid.com/docs/Integrate/Frameworks/rubyonrails.html

Other Add-On:
Hunter show me how to add on Facebook likes, which is added to the show method of workouts
  
DataBase/Resources:
-Users:
  -Email: string
  -Username: string
  -Password: string
Able to create, delete and show but did not include an Update.

-Workouts:
  -Excercise: text
  -Category: string
  -Title: string
  -user: belongs_to
Able to do all CRUD, in index you are able to sort

-Comments:
  -body: text
  -workout: belongs_to
  -user: belongs_to
Able to create and see but does not have Update or delete

Other- I also added a home page and about page. The home page will direct you to your dashboard if you are logged in, else
it takes you to a default home page. 

Validations:
-In comments there is a check to see if there is anything present
-User uses Devises in-house to validate 
-Workouts validates the length of the excercises, and also if the presence in title
-Also checks to see the current users relation with likes and certain workouts 

JQuery/Scopes:  
-Areas where Queries are used
-followers for the dashboard
-Multiple are used in order to sort the chart (I think 4)
-Also used to get the comments for each workout in their show method

Just wanted to say thanks for all the help this sememster, I really learned a lot and you guys were really patient with me, 
even though sometimes is was just styling.....
